hello girls welcome to the toys
of citi today we are going to open this cute
hand music and that is called cribier or
crazy messy hair
and it seems we can do many
hairstyles with it we can see them we can
be devils put shines on him
hair bows
What a thrill
she is called club her pop country look
how beautiful it is as the color of
hair as if it were a little ice cream
strawberry vanilla chocolate and I love
that have button eyes I think
super cute in her dress
like we have water or with out of your
Look how beautiful
look at your shoes you have to see that
detail
he is a little side acolyte
I love I love it has as a
Pink yellow turquoise is super
colorful with its pretty turquoise and comes
one with a plastic hair curler
an enamel that are glitter for
put it on your hair so it shines is
super beautiful and I saw new extensions of
hair to put more color and make it
much longer
because we're going to start having some
cute guys ready to see how we are doing is
beautiful the loops and let's start
taking the visits
Y
now
[Music]
I stay
let's do all your hair
now let's add an extension
turquoise in her hair
well putting it
and we are going to make it a hard one here
[Music]
and here she is ready with her hair full of
curls be super beautiful let's comb
We're going to put a little cute hair
to see what we will put on him since I came to my
the light with a half tail and I made a
little boy I put his little yellow hooks and
look how beautiful
now I told them that I also came with a
little glitter
let's apply it on your hair to see
how it looks
[Music]
and look at all the crimes that I put
it's super cute
good guys I hope you liked it
a lot this video this doll is this
beautiful and super fun to play
we can make many many different
hair styles but this was my
favorite I also loved that you
we could press brightness and it looks super
linda let me know if you want to see more
videos of light yes and if you liked it in
I like German and until next time
good bye guys
[Music]
x
or
[Music]